# QUICK AND DIRTY: COMPILATION AND INSTALLATION ################################

All you need is a make programme that supports GNU make's extensions; then just
run the makefile like this:

    $ make PREFIX=/ install

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE:
    Please take note of the library licence (the COPYING file), as well as the
    credits (the CREDITS file).

# DETAILS ######################################################################

Compilation and installation is described in much greater detail in the file
documentation/COMPILING.md.

In short, the interesting makefile targets are 'build' (the default), 'test'
(to run test cases) and 'install' to copy the compiled library to somewhere the
system will find it. The 'install' target supports the typical PREFIX and
DESTDIR options with their normal meanings.

To compile projects that depend on Curie, either install Curie and then compile
those projects separately, or check out their sources as first-level
subdirectories of the Curie source tree. The makefiles check for the 'targets'
subdirectory, so if you had curie/targets and curie/duat/targets, and compiled
things in the curie/ directory, then the makefile would compile both curie and
duat in the same context (and the test and install targets would work just as
well).

# TROUBLESHOOTING / KNOWN ISSUES ###############################################

Stack protectors
----------------

Compilation may crash or curie programmes may die/stall/eat all resources for no
apparent reason in the garbage collection phase if you have a gcc that has been
patched with SSP and SSP is enabled by default. If you experience any funky
issues and you have SSP enabled, add -fno-stack-protector to your CFLAGS while
compiling curie programmes.

Protip: if you're an application developer you should shun SSP at all costs and
instead just fix your (or others') code if it's broken. Do not confuse fighting
the symptoms with fixing the underlying issue, it's not the same, no matter what
your computer science teachers with a favour for java and no concept nor
understanding of pointers may have told you. SSP in all its forms is one of the
sad reasons why applications suck these days.

# CONTACT #####################################################################

Your best bet is IRC: freenode \#kyuba
